Visual implementation (#27)
aidotse/PASEOS: README.md

  <p align="center">
    Description of PASEOS workflow on an individual device
  </p>
</p>

## Visualising PASEOS

> Navigate to paseos/visualization_example to find minimal examples of how to visualize PASEOS.

Reviewer: I don't think we want the examples to be part of the module itself, otherwise they are also on pip, conda etc. Also, it is more error-prone because the paths will potentially be different if you are not in the module folder.

Let's move it one folder up into just examples/visualization/ ?

Visualization can be done in interactive mode or as an animation that is saved to disc.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/aidotse/PASEOS/">

>     <img src="resources/images/animation.png" alt="Scheme"  width="900" height="500">

Reviewer: we might want to update this now, I think? :)

</p>

## Visualising PASEOS
Navigate to paseos/visualization to find a jupyter notebook containing examples of how to visualize PASEOS.
Visualization can be done in interactive mode or as an animation that is saved to disc.

> In the figure below, earth is visualized in the center as a blue sphere with different space crafts in orbit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the figure below, Earth is visualized in the center as a blue sphere with different spacecraft in orbit.
```

> Each space craft has a name and if provided, a battery level and a communications device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each spacecraft has a name and if provided, a battery level and a communications device.
```

The local device is illustrated with white text.

> In the upper-right corner, the status of the communications between each satellite is shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the upper-right corner, the status of the communication link between each spacecraft is shown.
```

> Finally, the time in the lower left and lower right corners correspond to the global time and the Paseos local time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, the time in the lower left and lower right corners correspond to the epoch and the PASEOS local simulation time.
```
